hey player come over here I'm gonna
teach you some basics about playing
paintball so you don't look too silly
all right first things first you're
gonna get hit with a paintball sooner or
later so it's important to know what to
do okay
you've just been marking you need to
call yourself out you can try and cheat
by wiping off the hit I don't recommend
it because if you mess it up and you get
busted by a ref your team will be
penalized you pulled off a cheap the
refs are suspicious of you now you're
gonna really have a tough time wiping
paintball is an honor based sport okay I
would not recommend wiping I always
bonus ball cheaters anyway now that you
know what it's like to be shot with a
paintball it's your turn to shoot run to
that bunker take aim and try to shoot
those wooden targets okay now shoot at
them not bad you'll get better with time
for sure you can focus in on the target
if you want but you may move a bit
slower electronic markers usually come
with a double trigger you can really
maximize the rate of fire use both
fingers and let's see how fast you can
empty your hopper on those targets you
never need to wait until your hopper is
completely empty before you reload it's
wise to top off the hopper before you
head into a fight
first of all until you earn better
skills reloading while behind cover is
always a good idea hopefully when you
get better you will realize when and
where not to reload sometimes you'll
just want to quickly top off your loader
the sport of paintball is all about
cover let's try and get your rookie
shape behind this bunker it's only chest
high so just crouch down
as you get better at this you'll realize
the importance of not popping back up in
the same way some bunkers are even
shorter so you're gonna have to really
eat some dirt to get behind them so
completely prone and you'll see what I
mean okay
so you'll need to get super low to the
ground on many occasions but you'll not
be able to move very fast get your butt
back to the crops position before you
make a move the best players learn to
snap out from behind cover and minimize
your exposure remember if your guns
behind cover then you are behind cover
the hand you hold your gun in determines
the way you're going to snap out try
switching hands and firing to get a feel
for it
all right enough drills you need some
live practice we're about to jump into a
rec ball game on our field so come on
over and join us I'll even let you
borrow my infinity legend so you can see
what a quality marker feels like come on
let's rock
why
speedballs dip
who's not Swedish
we grabbed the plan